[Music]
it's been 10 years since the zombie
apocalypse and this dysfunctional family
very do you know what I would like I
don't give a would you like that
survived by using their wish those are
for that's a personal how could
that not be personal that's like my
whole thing yeah you're right it was
personal October 18 what made you do it
don't say the script can this be just
between us
drugs costs money didn't see that coming
right you'll be the first to die but I
like your enthusiasm you might die yeah
thank you for your sacrifice from the
director event
me too right oh yes
and mitosis Deadpool Casablanca Oh God
well I think I would have made a damn
fine president think those cigars are
left over from the Clinton
administration Academy Award nominee
what are you Harrelson let's kick some
dicks the award nominee Jesse Eisenberg
right now right now Academy Award
nominee have a girl Breslin cut Annie
Award winner Emma Stone that sings very
[Music]